how about friends I am fierce and we are in
minecraft 1.6 point 4 to see a mod
we have seen in the series powders
flux something like that
although we like harry potter are the
same powders that were used to
to have it archived eitb to be transported from
back and forth, well, we're going to
teach this mod that has little
things but they are very interesting
the first good thing that you see more than anything
like where we can get the powders
flux would not be very simple if we
Let's get together to take a promise of
character
if we put together gunpowder with a
pearl of leander would give us eight fruit
power
the powders flow and with these powders
we could do two things in fact three
we could character two things one would be
the chimney posters and others
it would be the torches the posters would be
very simple would be we put a poster to
side of
in a little bit of this we would have a
poster these green that would serve us
to put the name of the fireplace and
can differentiate them not without the poster the
chimney obviously would not work and the
another would be the torches that with a
normal stick and putting up
a little bit as usual they are four
torches these news have a couple
of sympathetic things not once just
they are decoration they do not do not
much more
illuminate and such is fine but let's go
for having the green eyes that
they do nothing else but yes that is
nice because if we put
here, nothing happens but if you see that
we put it here next to the wall
automatically hooks to the wall
he does not want to be down
I love there follows the normal
sit down but not
what would be said do not want to stay in
the ground if they are right next to
the wall you can not see they are jumping
good let's continue with what we were going
to see today in the manufacture of our
chimneys to be able to teleport us
very simple the one below where we are going to
put on the fire always has to
be brick me just work with me
brick not that we expose two and two there
and a here up there does not need to be
they are a wall or you could put it
right here and it would work the same not 11 11
and here nine others what we are going to
need are the posters for example
here to put house
and here I'm going to put
for example married
house 3 or house 2 well what next
we would have to do taking the
structure I've already put the poster would be
with a lighter we would fire and
we would be a little bit flux inside
here to leave disabled and as
you will see we would have ours and mine
with its green color I'm going to take the
creative way I'm going to get
this is superiority
and well I have made several several of these
chimneys so you can see the
operation but it's very simple a
Once we get the fire and see no
will be here the whole list to where
we want to go for example in this case
let's try married with bismillah
teleported here automatically
but we could choose what I know
imagine a saved it and here
we would have ours and poison the
forest
here we could do it we wanted to snow
and we would have the snow and basically the
operation is the same or is it a
teleporter
here we are in the jungle as you see no
I have fallen by the miracle that I am like that
of happy yo bueno
and finally I who know the mine for
that we can see
how they light up then as you see
the torches give enough light but
they do not serve us for much anymore
I say if you do not put here automatically
the wall is pulled
it's pretty funny but it's good
what he has and finally, I
I know we're going to look for a dungeon here
so that it looks nice we live here without
back isolated
well basically this is the no way
It has much more but if you look
It gives a lot of itself so you could have go
access to any location that
you have found without having to
leave your house or any little thing
I hope you liked it, you know
subscribe if you want more videos like and
favorites that I like every one helps me
mogollón
and well I think that with this we
we say goodbye and see you in the next
video see you later